README.md, before:

# Terminal Graphics Engine

A high-performance terminal graphics engine with advanced rendering capabilities, featuring anti-aliased graphics, true color support, and 3D rendering.

## Features

- **Flicker-free rendering** with double buffering
- **True color (24-bit) & 256-color** support
- **Cross-platform** input handling
- **Anti-aliased** 2D primitives
- **3D wireframe rendering** with perspective projection
- **Sprite system** with transparency
- **Non-blocking** keyboard input


## Requirements

- Python 3.10+

## Quick Start

```bash
python terminal_engine_demo.py
```

Use number keys 1-5 to select demos, 'q' to return to menu.
it has:
1. **2D Primitives** - Compare fast vs anti-aliased drawing
2. **3D Projection** - Rotating icosahedron
3. **Sprite System** - Animated sprites with transparency
4. **Color Palette** - 256-color mapping visualization
5. **Interactive Etch-a-Sketch** - Real-time drawing tool


## Files

- `terminal_engine.py` - Core graphics engine
- `terminal_engine_demo.py` - Demo suite and examples


.

Commit message:

Update README with terminal resizing instructions
Added note about terminal resizing for better visibility.

README.md, after:

# Terminal Graphics Engine

A high-performance terminal graphics engine with advanced rendering capabilities, featuring anti-aliased graphics, true color support, and 3D rendering.


## Features

- **Flicker-free rendering** with double buffering
- **True color (24-bit) & 256-color** support
- **Cross-platform** input handling
- **Anti-aliased** 2D primitives
- **3D wireframe rendering** with perspective projection
- **Sprite system** with transparency
- **Non-blocking** keyboard input

- It doesn't rely on any dependency


## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- Run it in terminal/cmd

## Quick Start

```bash
python terminal_engine_demo.py
```

Use number keys 1-5 to select demos, 'q' to return to menu.
it has:
1. **2D Primitives** - Compare fast vs anti-aliased drawing
2. **3D Projection** - Rotating icosahedron
3. **Sprite System** - Animated sprites with transparency
4. **Color Palette** - 256-color mapping visualization
5. **Interactive Etch-a-Sketch** - Real-time drawing tool

(Note that you might want to use [Ctrl+ scroll down] or [Ctrl+ -] to resize the terminal so you can see it good (that's in Windows, not sure about Linux.. also you can resize the width & height of TerminalGraphicsEngine)

## Files

- `terminal_engine.py` - Core graphics engine
- `terminal_engine_demo.py` - Demo suite and examples


.
